So, the recording has now started because volunteering has made great progress at building ai tools, um, meeting summaries uh, and that, uh, I'm looking forward to the, to the summary of this meeting. Um, also, um, made great progress in artificial.
2 "Aaron Peikert" (119267584)
A chatbot deployment, so I think the chatbot is live already and I think we could also share a link. I guess, at the team maybe harness you can can send an email around with the, with the back link. So that people can can try and break the chatbot.
3 "Aaron Peikert" (119267584)
Um, I'm currently working on, like, automatic deployment of the chatbot and have great fun with Docker and get up actions. Uh, while I'm sitting here and listening to talks. Um, so.
4 "Aaron Peikert" (119267584)
Maybe andrea's, you can start you, you put in the modeling conference quite a while ago and we never discussed it in the meeting. Maybe you want to say something.
5 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
Yes, so this is the 3. M, right? I keep forgetting what the acronym stands for, but it's apparently a modeling statistical model in conference where a lot of.
6 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
People from the sort of psychological methods.
7 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
Group, uh, going from the U. S. and from Europe as far as I know.
8 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
And multiple people have recommended over the years that I should go down.
9 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
And every year I had a different excuse so I'm just passing this on. It seems to be a very interesting group of people.
10 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
To share that methodological research and I think it would be good if we show our faces there next year or whenever yeah.
11 "Aaron Peikert" (119267584)
Do you already have an excuse for for next year? No.
12 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
We are trying to come, I actually would really like to go and I think this is the 1 where they alternate between Europe and the US. I'm not sure.
13 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
Okay, we have to check on this. Yeah.
14 "Aaron Peikert" (119267584)
I mean, we started this project with all the conferences. Yeah, yeah.
15 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
Specifically, I, I think specifically the Julia structure, the equation modeling package would be something that would be highly.
16 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
Interesting for these group of people. True.
17 "Aaron Peikert" (119267584)
Yeah, I don't.
18 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
No, maybe this is even like people, like, and these show up there.
19 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
So, why not let them know that we have something better? Yeah.
20 "Aaron Peikert" (119267584)
It sounds like a good plan. I mean, the U. S traveler is a little bit of a put off, but.
21 "Aaron Peikert" (119267584)
But if it's interesting enough, maybe maybe then we can can manage to go there. Um, so then the next point is, uh, also a long time on there like that we all made some light touches for the website for the formal methods website. Um.
22 "Aaron Peikert" (119267584)
And maybe you guys want to, to take a look. It's really just like light updates, uh, from.
23 "Aaron Peikert" (119267584)
From the old version, like the new group images on there and I think, like, the mission statement is slightly altered. Um, but.
24 "Aaron Peikert" (119267584)
Nothing big, but so, uh, if you have some comments, I'd like to hear them, um, then the next stand up it might be that I cannot attend because there's the open science ambassador meeting at the hallmark house. Um, and the.
25 "Aaron Peikert" (119267584)
Walking group open times, ask me to attend and I mostly like.
26 "Aaron Peikert" (119267584)
Later in the day there's a panel discussion. So let's see if I can sneak out um.
27 "Aaron Peikert" (119267584)
Nevertheless, I think Max should be available or maybe address to, to lead the meeting.
28 "Aaron Peikert" (119267584)
Um, yeah, Julia workshop everything is an order. Yeah, I left that in just to say that. Um, I think the joy workshop was like a pleasant surprise. We had like, full attendance. So we had, like, 40 people in there and we were 4 facilitators.
29 "Aaron Peikert" (119267584)
So more words, um, hannah's was online, uh, I, and Maximilian.
30 "Aaron Peikert" (119267584)
And I think actually, that we can scale this up even further. I saw it, like, 40 people would be the limit but, um, we barely had anything to do, uh, in the workshop. Uh, and so I think like, even 100 people could be, like, facilitated with 4 people, um, for like.
31 "Aaron Peikert" (119267584)
Ratio of like 20 to 30 people per facilitator, um, is, I think feasible and good news. hannah's I think, uh, is, uh, uh, offer to pay you. Um, also, uh, like a small honorary.
32 "Aaron Peikert" (119267584)
For for helping out.
33 "Aaron Peikert" (119267584)
Um, and if you don't hear anything about it, please remind me that I have sent me an email around, um.
34 "Aaron Peikert" (119267584)
Then, the taxonomy status is, my understanding is that, like, nothing has happened, um, in the.
35 "Aaron Peikert" (119267584)
Last couple of weeks, um, I mean, I delayed, it didn't quite keep to the timetable of sending around like, this ideal lies new shame around.
36 "Aaron Peikert" (119267584)
But it's correct that, but you didn't meet with Ana, right?
37 "Aaron Peikert" (119267584)
Okay, so that means we have to, like, come up with a, with a date for meeting with Anna, or, like, organize some, some meeting.
38 "Aaron Peikert" (119267584)
I think like, next week is not good, but week after that should be.
39 "Aaron Peikert" (119267584)
Um, at least if I have 1 to attend and person.
40 "Aaron Peikert" (119267584)
Yeah, hmm, I mean, next week is 20, like.
41 "Aaron Peikert" (119267584)
Yeah, I send an email around, but are you available at the 27th of September? No, no, no.
42 "Leonie" (1229484800)
This would be the week that I am planning to be, um, on vacation. So I'm at the 27th. I wouldn't be there. Okay.
43 "Aaron Peikert" (119267584)
On vacation next 3 weeks.
44 "Aaron Peikert" (119267584)
Okay, I honestly don't know then what we should do about it.
45 "Aaron Peikert" (119267584)
Yeah, we would need to involve me or depending on how long the meeting will take. I can try to. No, no, no vacation should be holy. Um, and also, um, Leo is not there he's at the internships or like, it would only be on it.
46 "Aaron Peikert" (119267584)
Me, I guess, I mean, maybe then I will just meet with another 1 on 1 and, uh, discuss, uh, what we can do.